---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bigipltm_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-bigipltm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bigipltm_monitor (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the monitor
- `parent` (String) Existing monitor to inherit from. Must be one of /Common/http, /Common/https, /Common/icmp, /Common/gateway_icmp or /Common/tcp_half_open.

### Optional

- `adaptive` (String) Specifies whether adaptive response time monitoring is enabled for this monitor. The default is Disabled
- `adaptive_limit` (Number) Specifies the absolute number of milliseconds that may not be exceeded by a monitor probe, regardless of Allowed Divergence
- `compatibility` (String) Specifies, when enabled, that the SSL options setting (in OpenSSL) is set to ALL. The default value is enabled.
- `database` (String) the database in which your user is created
- `destination` (String) Alias for the destination
- `filename` (String) Specifies the full path and file name of the file that the system attempts to download. The health check is successful if the system can download the file.
- `interval` (Number) Specifies, in seconds, the frequency at which the system issues the monitor check when either the resource is down or the status of the resource is unknown. The default is 5
- `ip_dscp` (Number) Displays the differentiated services code point (DSCP).The default is 0 (zero)
- `manual_resume` (String) Specifies whether the system automatically changes the status of a resource to Enabled at the next successful monitor check
- `mode` (String) Specifies the data transfer process (DTP) mode. The default value is passive.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the password if the monitored target requires authentication
- `receive` (String) Specifies the regular expression representing the text string that the monitor looks for in the returned resource.
- `receive_disable` (String) The system marks the node or pool member disabled when its response matches Receive Disable String but not Receive String.
- `reverse` (String) Instructs the system to mark the target resource down when the test is successful.
- `send` (String) Specifies the text string that the monitor sends to the target object.
- `ssl_profile` (String) the ssl profile
- `time_until_up` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds to wait after a resource first responds correctly to the monitor before setting the resource to up.
- `timeout` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds the target has in which to respond to the monitor request. The default is 16 seconds
- `transparent` (String) Specifies whether the monitor operates in transparent mode.
- `up_interval` (Number) Specifies the interval for the system to use to perform the health check when a resource is up. The default is 0 (Disabled)
- `username` (String) Specifies the user name if the monitored target requires authentication

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


